Rewrite subqueries that have the same range and resolution (#10445) (#10459)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

# CLI flag: -query-frontend.enabled-promql-experimental-functions
[enabled_promql_experimental_functions: <string> | default = ""]

# (experimental) Rewrite queries using the same range selector and resolution

> # [X:X] which do not work in Prometheus 3 to a nearly identical form that does

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# [X:X], which don't work in Prometheus 3.0, to a nearly identical form that
```

Author: This is a backport to a weekly release so I'm not going to apply these suggestions here. I'll open a PR against `main` to fix this however.

> # work with Prometheus 3 semantics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# works with Prometheus 3.0 semantics
```
